JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
JAMES COMEY, Former FBI
Director: Those were
lies, plain and simple.
JUDY WOODRUFF: James Comey
speaks publicly
for the first time since being
fired as FBI
director, telling the Senate
Intelligence
Committee President Trump could
not be trusted.
JAMES COMEY: I have seen the
tweet about tapes.
Lordy, I hope there are tapes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We analyze the
biggest moments
from the hearing and what they
mean for President
Trump and the Russia
investigation moving
forward.
Plus: The United Kingdom votes
in a critical
election.
At stake is the approach to
leading Britain
into a new era marked by Brexit
and terror
threats.
All that and more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: From James Comey
today, a raft
of revelations.
With the nation watching in his
first public
experience since being fired,
the former FBI
director told the Senate
Intelligence Committee
that he made notes to guard
against President
Trump lying right after each of
their discussions,
and leaked some of those memos
after he was
fired.
He assured the president several
times that
he wasn't under investigation.
And he concluded that Mr. Trump
wanted to
pressure him to end the FBI
probe of former
National Security Adviser
Michael Flynn and
his Russian contacts.
Comey told Committee Vice
Chairman Senator
John (sic) Warner that he began
writing everything
down after an initial meeting
last January.
SEN.
MARK WARNER (D), Virginia:
You've had extensive
experience at the Department of
Justice and
at the FBI.
You've worked under presidents
of both parties.
What was it about that meeting
that led you
to determine that you needed to
start putting
down a written record?
JAMES COMEY, Former FBI
Director: A combination
of things, I think the
circumstances, the
subject matter, and the person I
was interacting
with.
Circumstances, first, I was
alone with the
president of the United States,
or the president-elect,
soon to be president.
The subject matter, I was
talking about matters
that touch on the FBI's core
responsibility,
and that relate to the
president, president-elect
personally, and then the nature
of the person.
I was honestly concerned that he
might lie
about the nature of our meeting,
and so I
thought it really important to
document.
That combination of things, I
had never experienced
before, but it led me to believe
I got to
write it down and I got to write
it down in
a very detailed way.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Apologies.
That was, of course, Senator
Mark Warner of
Virginia.
So, the men also met on
Valentine's Day, when,
Comey says, the president asked
him about
the Michael Flynn investigation.
He told Senator James Risch the
intent was
clear to him.
SEN.
JAMES RISCH (R), Idaho: There's
28 words there
that are in quotes.
And it says -- quote -- "I hope"
-- this is
the president speaking -- "I
hope you can
see your way clear to letting
this go, to
letting Flynn go.
He is good guy.
I hope you can let this go."
Now, those are his exact words,
is that correct?
JAMES COMEY: Correct.
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: And you wrote them
here and you
put them in quotes.
JAMES COMEY: Correct.
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: OK.
Thank you for that.
He did not direct you to let it
go?
JAMES COMEY: Not in his words,
no.
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: He did not order
you to let it
go?
JAMES COMEY: Again, those words
are not an
order.
And the reason I keep saying his
words is,
I took it as a direction.
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: Right.
JAMES COMEY: I mean, this is a
president of
the United States with me alone
saying, I
hope this.
I took it as, this is what he
wants me to
do.
I didn't obey that, but that's
the way I took
it.
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: You may have taken
it as a direction,
but that's not what he said.
JAMES COMEY: Correct.
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: He said, I hope.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Comey's accounts
of these meetings
first came out in the press last
month, after
President Trump dismissed him as
FBI director.
Today, Comey confirmed in
answering a question
from Senator Susan Collins that
the leak came
from him.
SEN.
SUSAN COLLINS (R), Maine: Did
you show copies
of your memos to anyone outside
of the Department
of Justice?
JAMES COMEY: Yes.
SEN.
SUSAN COLLINS: And to whom did
you show copies?
JAMES COMEY: I asked -- the
president tweeted
on Friday after I got fired that
I better
hope there's not tapes.
I woke up in the middle of the
night on Monday
night, because it didn't dawn on
me originally,
that there might be
corroboration for our
conversation.
There might a tape.
And my judgment was, I need to
get that out
into the public square.
And so I asked a friend of mine
to share the
content of the memo with a
reporter.
Didn't do it myself for a
variety of reasons.
But I asked him to, because I
thought that
might prompt the appointment of
a special
counsel.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, let's dig
into some of
these main headlines from
today's hearing
now with our own Lisa
Desjardins.
She was in the hearing room
today.
Our John Yang was at the White
House.
And, in a moment, we will be
joined by Matt
Apuzzo.
He's been reporting all this --
on all this
for The New York Times.
John Yang, I'm going to come to
you first.
The president's personal
attorney was out
today with the president's
response.
Tell us about that and about
what the White
House is saying.
JOHN YANG: That's right, Judy.
Of course, we didn't hear from
the president
himself or from any White House
official.
They have delegated that task of
responding
to all these inquiries to the
president's
personal attorney, as you say,
Marc Kasowitz.
He flatly denied that the
president asked
Comey either for his loyalty or
to drop the
Flynn investigation.
And then he said something that
I'm told we're
going to be hearing a lot more
of over the
coming days from supporters of
the president.
He used Comey's admission that
he got his
version of events into the
press, he used
that to try to undermine Comey,
to try to
portray Comey as part of what
Mr. Trump supporters
see as a conspiracy among
Washington, entrenched
Washington insiders, what they
call the deep
state, a conspiracy to try to
get Mr. Trump
out of the White House.
ÑMD-BO ÑMARC KASOWITZ, Attorney
for Donald
Trump: Contrary to numerous
false press accounts
leading up to today's hearing,
Mr. Comey has
now finally confirmed publicly
what he repeatedly
told President Trump privately,
that is that
the president was not under
investigation
as part of any probe into
Russian interference.
It is overwhelmingly clear that
there have
been and continue to be those in
government
who are actively attempting to
undermine this
administration with selective
and illegal
leaks of classified information
and privileged
communications.
Mr. Comey has now admitted that
he is one
of these leakers.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, John, you're
saying that
the president's attorney is
suggesting that
this is part of a much larger
effort?
JOHN YANG: This is something
that the president's
supporters have been talking
about, and the
president's -- and inside the
White House,
people like Steve Bannon have
been talking
about -- that entrenched
Washington bureaucrats,
as they say, what they call the
deep state,
is trying to get the president
out with these
leaks, not only on this case,
but on other
things about -- involving
intelligence throughout
the government.
As a matter of fact, just this
afternoon,
another fund-raising appeal went
out to the
president's supporters from his
campaign asking
for money using not the specific
Comey testimony,
but using this idea of the deep
state trying
to get the president out to --
as part of
their fund-raising appeal.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we know there
were ads
being run by some of the
president's supporters
in advance of this hearing
critical of Director
Comey.
Lisa Desjardins at the Capitol,
let me turn
to you now.
You had a chance -- you were in
the hearing
room.
You have had a chance to talk to
some of the
senators after the public
hearing.
And, of course, that was
followed by a closed
hearing.
What are they telling you about
their reaction
to what they heard today?
LISA DESJARDINS: Well, Judy,
this was an extraordinary
hearing.
I counted 259 questions in just
over two-and-a-half-hours
to Mr. Comey, and after all of
that, in the
end, Judy, I have to say,
overall, I came
away with a feeling from
senators that they
are moving in a more bipartisan
direction
than they were a couple weeks
ago.
There were very few senators who
were willing
to take sides on this debate
between Mr. Comey
and President Trump and his
attorney, not
willing to say yet who they
believe in that
fight.
Mostly, they're deferring to Mr.
Mueller and
the upcoming -- his special
investigation.
There were a few partisan hits.
Chuck Schumer, Democratic leader
in the Senate,
took to the floor and said the
clouds over
the White House have become
darker.
On the other hand, we have Roy
Blunt of Missouri,
Republican, who said he felt
that today the
president did better than worse.
And another sign of that, Judy,
talking to
Ron Wyden, Democrat, who is one
of the president's
sharpest critics, when asked
about the idea
of obstruction of justice and
what he thought
came from this hearing today on
that front,
he said, to him, obstruction of
justice is
a lawyer's term.
He thought there was instead a
pattern of
abuse of power.
What that told me, Judy, was
that they didn't
feel that they made any ground
on that case
for obstruction of justice.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Lisa, just
to follow up,
when you say your sense is that
the senators,
members of Congress may be
moving in a more
bipartisan fashion, why?
LISA DESJARDINS: Senator after
senator, including
Republicans like Marco Rubio,
Democrats like
Mark Warner, who about a month
ago seemed
to be at odds with each other
even about direction,
and including Chairman Burr --
there were
accusations even within the
Intelligence Committee,
even on the Senate side -- I
don't hear that
anymore.
Instead, I hear all these
senators in a more
unified voice saying they want
to answer these
questions later.
They're not going to make
conclusions yet.
They're withholding judgment.
They're also unified on the idea
that they
need more information from the
intelligence
chief.
And for news on that, Judy, I'm
told by the
chairman of the Intelligence
Committee, Mr.
Burr, that they are planning to
have a hearing,
probably next week he says,
closed-doors,
with those intelligence chiefs,
who they feel
didn't answer their questions
yesterday.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right, Lisa.
And we are also joined by Matt
Apuzzo, reporter
for The New York Times who broke
many of the
stories that frankly led up to
what we have
seen today.
Matt, you have done -- you have
spent so much
time looking into all of this.
How did what Director Comey,
former Director
Comey, had to say today square
with what you
had learned beforehand?
MATT APUZZO, The New York Times:
Well, we
had known obviously a lot of
these individual
meanings that Comey and Trump
had been having
in the several months that
Trump's been in
office.
We have known about those, but
hearing it
from the FBI director, who
frankly has been
really good in Senate testimony
over the years
-- some of the Senate staff
jokingly call
him Senator Comey, because he's
really -- he
does a really good job.
But this was a an unusual bit
for Comey.
He was obviously untethered and
unrestrained
by the limitations of a
bureaucratic job now
that he's a private citizen.
And we saw him more -- we saw a
more emotional,
frankly, blunt former FBI
director.
Any time somebody in Washington
says the word
lie, you know they're taking the
gloves off,
because everybody likes to
soft-pedal that
word around here.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Matt, one
other thing
I want to ask you about quickly.
And that is, there was a
reference during
the hearing.
Director Comey was asked about a
piece that
you and two other The New York
Times reporters
wrote.
It appeared back in February, on
February
the 14th.
MATT APUZZO: Yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It was really the
first report
of extensive contacts between
the people around
then-candidate Donald Trump and
Russian officials.
We heard James Comey today say
that he didn't
think that there was much
accurate in the
article.
What's your version of that?
MATT APUZZO: Yes, it's obviously
very hard
to sort of get in a
back-and-forth on classified
information with a former FBI
director, especially
when he won't say what's
inaccurate.
The main point of the story, as
you said,
was that there were repeated
contacts between
members of Trump's campaign and
people tied
to Russian intelligence.
And, frankly, we only know more
about that
now.
We know Carter Page.
We know Jared Kushner was
meeting with, you
know, Sergey Gorkov from VEB.
We know about a meeting in the
Seychelles.
We know all of these meetings
that happened.
We know Stone is talking to
Guccifer 2.0,
who is a front for Russian
intelligence.
So, it's hard -- that part, we
know is true.
It's hard to say what he's --
what he is taking
an issue with, whether he's
splitting hair
on whether it's a Russian
intelligence officer
or Russian intelligence agent,
or whether
he's saying the -- we said -- we
attributed
this to intercepts and call
logs, whether
he is saying, no, no, no, it
wasn't intercepts
and call logs, it was human
intelligence.
So, it's hard to get into that
back-and-forth.
And we're going to continue
reporting.
We did a story on this today.
And doing this stuff, you want
to try to be
as transparent as possible.
JUDY WOODRUFF: For sure.
Matt Apuzzo with The New York
Times, thank
you for that.
John Yang at the White House,
Lisa Desjardins
at the Capitol, thank you, all
three.
And now let's get some analysis
from four
people with extensive experience
in government
and the law.
George Terwilliger served as
deputy attorney
general under President George
H.W. Bush.
Greg Craig, former White House
counsel to
President Obama and President
Clinton, where
he led the team defending Mr.
Clinton against
impeachment.
John Carlin served as assistant
attorney general
for national security at the
Department of
Justice from 2014 until October
of last year.
And Carrie Cordero served in the
Justice Department
under Presidents George W. Bush
and Obama,
where she worked on matters of
national security.
And we thank all four of you for
being here.
And we're going to take a closer
look now
at some of the revelations today
from these
hearings, beginning -- we have
already a little
bit of what was said.
But I want to look now at what
Director Comey
said he couldn't talk about
publicly.
And this starts with a question
from the committee
chairman, Senator Burr.
SEN.
RICHARD BURR (R), North
Carolina: In the public
domain is this question of the
Steele dossier,
a document that has been around
out in for
over a year.
I'm not sure when the FBI first
took possession
of it, but the media had it
before you had
it and we had it.
At the time of your departure
from the FBI,
was the FBI able to confirm any
criminal allegations
contained in the steel document?
JAMES COMEY, Former FBI
Director: Mr. Chairman,
I don't think that's a question
I can answer
in an open setting because it
goes into the
details of the investigation.
SEN.
RICHARD BURR: And when you read
the dossier,
what was your reaction, given
that it was
100 percent directed at the
president-elect?
JAMES COMEY: Not a question I
can answer in
open setting, Mr. Chairman.
SEN.
RON WYDEN (D), Oregon: Let me
turn to the
attorney general.
In your statement, you said that
you and the
FBI leadership team decided not
to discuss
the president's actions with
Attorney General
Sessions, even though he had not
recused himself.
What was it about the attorney
general's interactions
with the Russians or his
behavior with regard
to the investigation that would
have led the
entire leadership of the FBI to
make this
decision?
JAMES COMEY: Well, our judgment,
as I recall,
is that he was very close to and
inevitably
going to recuse himself for a
variety of reasons.
We also were aware of facts that
I can't discuss
in an opening setting that would
make his
continued engagement in a
Russia-related investigation
problematic.
SEN.
RON WYDEN: How would you
characterize Attorney
General Sessions's adherence to
his recusal,
in particular, with regard to
his involvement
in your firing, which the
president has acknowledged
was because of the Russian
investigation?
JAMES COMEY: That's a question I
can't answer.
I think it is a reasonable
question.
If, as the president said, I was
fired because
of the Russia investigation, why
was the attorney
general involved in that chain?
I don't know.
And so I don't have an answer
for the question.
SEN.
TOM COTTON (R), Arkansas: Let's
turn our attention
to the underlying activity at
issue here.
Russia's hacking of those
e-mails and the
allegation of collusion.
Do you think Donald Trump
colluded with Russia?
JAMES COMEY: That's a question I
don't think
I should answer in an opening
setting.
As I said, when I left, we did
not have an
investigation focused on
President Trump.
But that's a question that will
be answered
by the investigation, I think.
JUDY WOODRUFF: George
Terwilliger, you have
been hearing all of this.
What do you take away from the
fact that the
former FBI director says he
can't get into
those areas?
GEORGE TERWILLIGER, Former U.S.
Deputy Attorney
General: I'm saddened by this
entire spectacle
that we saw today, and really
going back to
last July, beginning with the
original speech
by the then-director on the
Hillary Clinton
e-mail case, and up to today.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Why?
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: There is a
thrusting that
results from this of the Justice
Department
and the FBI into the middle of
political affairs
that seems to follow Mr. Comey
around.
He's become kind of a one-man
wrecking ball
as to accusations and
recriminations against
several other major government
figures, candidates,
presidents, attorneys general.
And I hope that all of this will
get dialed
back.
I would much rather see the
Intelligence Committee
and Bob Mueller continue their
investigations
and come to some conclusions,
and then let's
talk publicly.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Greg Craig, a
one-man wrecking
ball?
ÑMD-BO ÑGREGORY CRAIG, Former
White House
Counsel: Well, I think, if he'd
had the choice,
Director Comey would have
preferred not to
have been fired.
So I think it's hard to blame
his being thrust
into the forefront of this
discussion and
this debate because he was
fired.
And that was the decision of
President Trump.
And that's the core issue of
obstruction,
George, it seems to me, whether
the firing
was the product of a decision to
try to end
the investigation by the
president or not.
And I think the meaning, Judy,
of what happened
today was, you got testimony
about exchanges
between the director of the FBI
and the president
of the United States that give
you flavor
and texture and information
about what went
into the decision to fire Mr.
Comey, which
is the obstruction in this case.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Carrie Cordero,
and what about
just specifically on those three
answers,
sets of answers that Mr. Comey
gave?
I mean, should we read something
nefarious
into that?
ÑMD-BO ÑCARRIE CORDERO, Former
Justice
Department Official: Well, so, I
do have a
slightly different take, which
is that the
number of times that former
Director Comey
was referring to items that
could not be discussed
in open session alludes to the
fact that there
is an ongoing investigation, and
there's a
whole bunch of classified stuff
and classified
investigation that's taking
place that he
could only feel comfortable and
would only
be appropriate to discuss in a
closed session.
And what wasn't part of the
clips, but what
he also said in his testimony
today is that,
unequivocally, there was Russian
interference
in the election.
And with all this soap opera
related back
and forth that we focus on so
much, I feel
like that aspect sometimes gets
lost, that
there really was Russian
interference, and
former Director Comey was
absolutely crystal
clear about that fact today.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And he -- in
effect, he was
confirming what the president
himself, John
Carlin, has been saying in all
this.
But, again, getting back to
this, and particularly
on the attorney general, when he
was asked
about the attorney general's
role in this,
he said, there are aspects of
that I can't
talk about here.
How are we to read that?
JOHN CARLIN, Former Justice
Department Official:
Well, there's three, I think,
possibilities,
three areas that he would be
very careful
not to testify about in public.
One would be if it's classified
information,
if it's collected through
sensitive sources
and methods.
That's what they do in a closed
hearing.
Number two, information that was
collected
through the grand jury process.
But number three in this
instance would be
if he thought it would interfere
with the
ability of the special counsel,
Bob Mueller,
my former boss, to conduct his
investigation.
I think it's unclear here which
of the three
buckets that it might fall into,
but any time
he says that, that's what I'm
thinking in
my head.
It's fallen into one of those
three areas.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right, let's
look now at
another exchange that was
notable.
Here's Democratic Senator Dianne
Feinstein
of California.
She's asking Comey about
President Trump's
request to drop the criminal
investigation
into his former National
Security Adviser
Michael Flynn.
SEN.
DIANNE FEINSTEIN (D),
California: Now, here's
the question.
You're big.
You're strong.
I know the Oval Office, and I
know what happens
to people when they walk in.
There is a certain amount of
intimidation.
But why didn't you stop and say,
Mr. President,
this is wrong, I cannot discuss
this with
you?
JAMES COMEY: It's a great
question.
Maybe, if I were stronger, I
would have.
I was so stunned by the
conversation that
I just took it in.
And the only thing I could think
to say, because
I was playing in my mind --
because I could
remember every word he said -- I
was playing
in my mind, what should my
response be?
That's why I very carefully
chose the words.
Look, I've seen the tweet about
tapes.
Lordy, I hope there are tapes.
I remember saying, "I agree he
is a good guy,"
as a way of saying, I'm not
agreeing with
what you just asked me to do."
Again, maybe other people would
be stronger
in that circumstance.
But that was -- that's how I
conducted myself.
I hope I'll never have another
opportunity.
Maybe, if I did it again, I'd do
it better.
JUDY WOODRUFF: How do you --
Carrie Cordero,
listening to that, how did he
handle that?
CARRIE CORDERO: The difficulty
is that there
really was, at least from the
way that the
former director testified today,
he felt like
there was nobody else that he
could go to
in the administration to talk to
about this.
He had Attorney General
Sessions, who is somehow
implicated in the investigation
in some way,
to the extent that he would have
to be recused.
This is the president who, as
the FBI director
in his executive capacity, he
does have to
provide him with information if
the president
asks for it.
So, he was in a position, I
think, where there
was nobody else that he could
really discuss
this with, given the lack of
confirmed leadership
positions in the Department of
Justice at
the time, and given the fact
that he is directly
reporting to the attorney
general and ultimately
to the president.
JUDY WOODRUFF: George
Terwilliger, how do
you read this?
You have the senator saying, why
didn't he
just speak up in the moment?
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: Exactly.
And, frankly, I can't buy the
argument that
there was no one he could go to.
Dana Boente, a career assistant
United States
attorney and United States
attorney, an Obama
appointee...
JUDY WOODRUFF: Who was then
acting...
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: ... was the
acting deputy
attorney general at the time,
and was perfectly
available for Mr. Comey to talk
to.
Comey had served with Dana when
Dana was a
United States attorney for
several years.
So, I don't buy that
explanation.
And it's part of a pattern of
Mr. Comey resorting
to self-help because he feels
like he's the
lone ranger who is out there
carrying the
sword of righteousness forward.
Jim has served this country
honorably for
a very long time, but I really
think, Judy,
he made some mistakes last July
when he usurped
the function of the Department
of Justice
in deciding about the Hillary
Clinton e-mail
case.
He made a major mistake at that
time in, in
essence, indicting Hillary
Clinton in the
court of public opinion, and
everything since
then has flowed the wrong way.
JUDY WOODRUFF: How do you see
that continuum,
John Carlin?
JOHN CARLIN: Well, look, if
true, it's hard
to even describe how unusual it
would be for
a president of the United
States, whether
it's President Bush or President
Obama, to
have a meeting, order everyone
out of the
room, leave the FBI director in
the room,
have a private conversation with
him, and
essentially say, can you end an
investigation
into someone who used to work
for me?
And I can't -- we didn't --
there was no situation
that came even close.
If someone from the White House
called over
to the FBI and said that they
wanted the director
to come to the White House with
full staff,
that would cause huge
consternation, calls
to the department, coordination,
lawyers.
So, I can see in that context
being shell-shocked,
he's described.
If it's true, I think that that
would be a
serious moment about the
separation between
our Department of Justice, the
ability to
conduct investigations free from
political
interference.
That's a principle that's been
strongly shared
by both parties.
So it's important to figure out
whether that
happened.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Greg Craig, how
else could
he have handled it, or was there
another way?
GREGORY CRAIG: Well, I have to
say, it's hard
for me to blame Jim Comey, when
the president
puts him in that situation.
That's really -- I agree with
you, John, that's
a very unusual situation.
The director comes over prepared
to talk about
topics A, B, C, D, and E with a
group of other
people, and then suddenly it
turns into a
topic that's really toxic and
dangerous, and
he's there by himself with the
president.
So, first of all, I'm
sympathetic, and I'm
willing to be somewhat more
forgiving of Jim
Comey because he's in that
situation, which
is unprecedented and unexpected.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we can't --
I'm trying
to think of another moment that
we know of
where a president called in an
FBI director
and had this kind of a
conversation.
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: Judy, I
think one of the
things we have to keep in mind
is the concept
of the independence of FBI from
the authority
of the attorney general and
indeed from the
president is not quite the
premise that some
believe and that perhaps Jim
Comey operated
on.
If you think back to the days of
J. Edgar
Hoover, J. Edgar Hoover had a
lot of independence
from the Justice Department and
from presidents,
and it resulted in a very
unhealthy situation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, in fact,
Comey raised
the name of J. Edgar Hoover
today.
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: I heard
that.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, perhaps the
biggest question,
one of the biggest questions
swirling around,
has the president or have other
White House
officials in any way obstructed
justice?
We have had that question raised
here.
Let's listen to how a couple of
senators pressed
Comey on that point today.
SEN.
JOE MANCHIN (D), West Virginia:
Do you believe
there were any tapes or
recordings of your
conversation with the president?
JAMES COMEY: It never occurred
to me until
the president's tweet.
I'm not being facetious.
I hope there are.
And I will consent to the
release of...
SEN.
JOE MANCHIN: So, both of you are
-- both of
you are in the same findings
here.
You both hope there's tapes and
recordings?
JAMES COMEY: Well all I can do
is hope.
The president surely knows if he
taped me.
And if he did, my feelings
aren't hurt.
Release the entire -- release
all the tapes.
I'm good with it.
SEN.
JOE MANCHIN: Do you believe this
will rise
to obstruction of justice?
JAMES COMEY: I don't know.
That's Bob Mueller's job to sort
that out.
SEN.
MARTIN HEINRICH (D), New Mexico:
A lot of
this comes down to, who should
we believe?
Do you want to say anything as
to why we should
believe you?
JAMES COMEY: My mother raised me
not to say
things like this about myself,
so I'm not
going to.
I think people should look at
the whole body
of my testimony, because, as I
used to say
to juries, when I talked about a
witness,
you can't cherry-pick it.
You can't say, I like these
things he said,
but, on this, he's a dirty,
rotten liar.
You have got to take it all
together.
And I've tried to be open and
fair and transparent
and accurate.
A really significant fact to me
is, so why
did he kick everybody out of the
Oval Office?
Why would you kick the attorney
general, the
president, the chief of staff
out to talk
to me if it was about something
else?
And so that, to me, as an
investigator, is
a very significant fact.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Greg Craig,
are we any
closer to knowing whether the
president in
any way committed obstruction of
justice in
here?
GREGORY CRAIG: I think he's on
very, very
thin ice.
First of all, I think you have
got a credible,
plausible, believable witness in
Jim Comey.
And if you were betting between
a swearing
match between the president of
the United
States and Jim Comey, my money
would be on
Comey.
Most jurors, most prosecutors
would give him
a good deal of faith in the
truth of his testimony.
Secondly, the real issue here
when it comes
to a criminal prosecution is
whether he falls
within a Title 18 United States
Code provision
that almost word for word
describes what some
people would think Donald Trump
has engaged
in.
And most prosecutors that had
that kind of
evidence against an individual
wouldn't hesitate
to bring a prosecution.
It is, I believe, right now an
indictable
offense.
But there's no way in which you
can bring
that kind of case against a
sitting president,
so then you move to the question
of whether
this conduct rises to the level
of an impeachable
offense, because that's the
exclusive way
that the Constitution lays out
for limiting
or removing the power of a
president, a sitting
president.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Is that how
you're thinking
about this, Carrie Cordero?
CARRIE CORDERO: Well, I think,
certainly,
there is a difference between
the criminal
aspect, and what this is
actually going to
move to is whether or not
obstruction can
be found as a political matter.
But I think the other piece is
that I think
observers are looking for what's
the one act
that is going to make the
obstruction case?
And I think, when they look at
this, what
we're going to find is, there's
a timeline
and there's a series of events.
It was some of the
conversations.
It was the dinner meeting.
It was the will you be loyal to
me at the
same time of discussing job
security.
It was the tweets, some of the
tweets that
exposed the investigation.
It was the firing.
And then it was the tweet sort
of threatening
that there are tapes.
And so I think when people look
back at this,
they're going to look and
they're going to
find a timeline that will
eventually move
towards the political
consideration of obstruction.
(CROSSTALK)
GREGORY CRAIG: Can I just add
that the president
of the United States has also
said that the
reason he fired Comey was
because of the Russian...
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: And that's
perfectly legal,
because the president can't
obstruct justice
by telling the director of the
FBI to do or
not do a particular
investigation.
It's a unitary executive.
The president is in charge of
the executive.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What does unitary
executive
mean?
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: It means
that the entire
branch of government is embodied
in one person,
and that's the president.
So the president can give
direction as to
what should happen with cases.
And Carrie raises just the right
point, that
the resolution of the issue of
-- if there
is an issue about the
president's action is
political, not legal.
The talk of obstruction of
justice as a legal
matter is meaningless.
It might make for an interesting
academic
debate.
The president cannot obstruct
justice by telling
the director of the FBI, stop
that investigation.
There may be grand political
consequences
to doing so, but there's no
legal consequences.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And Greg -- we
just heard Greg
say you then move on to the
question of impeachment.
But, John Carlin, what about --
is obstruction
of justice as a question still
on the table?
JOHN CARLIN: Look, the -- it's
an important
question.
The referral or saying it's in
the hands of
the special counsel in that
sense isn't quite
right.
So, what the special counsel
could do and
approach it like a prosecutor
and an investigator
and say, is there a corrupt
intent when the
act was taken?
Here, the act would be the
firing.
I disagree with George on
whether or not that
would constitute the criminal
offense.
The guidance -- the Justice
Department guidance
says not that you can't commit a
crime as
president, but that you can't be
indicted
while you're the sitting
president.
So they could build out the
facts.
They could make out the elements
of the case.
But then I do agree what there
has been less
focus on is, what happens with
the special
counsel's report?
Under the old statute, you knew
that would
go to Congress with a referral
if they thought
a crime would be committed.
Under the current terms, it
actually is not
clear.
At the end of the day, the
acting attorney
general, which is Rod
Rosenstein, needs to
make a report to Congress.
What's in that report isn't
clear.
JUDY WOODRUFF: George, you shook
your head.
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: Yes.
(CROSSTALK)
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: It's not a
matter of Justice
Department guidance or
procedure.
It's the Constitution.
The Constitution places the
president in charge
of the executive branch.
I'm not trying to defend the
decision, but
the fact of the matter is, the
president has
complete and utter legal
authority to fire
the director of the FBI,
including for pursuing
a particular investigation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right, we're
going to leave
it here, as we look at this
final piece of
tape from today's hearing.
Russia and the president were
not the only
subject that made news today.
Senators again questioned
Director -- former
Director Comey about his
handling of the investigation
into Hillary Clinton's e-mail
and what pushed
him to take the unusual step to
discuss it
publicly last summer, which you
all have brought
up.
Here, again, committee Chair
Senator Richard
Burr.
SEN.
RICHARD BURR: Let me go back, if
I can, very
briefly to the decision to
publicly go out
with your results on the e-mail.
Was your decision influenced by
the attorney
general's tarmac meeting with
the former president,
Bill Clinton?
JAMES COMEY: Yes.
In, ultimately, a conclusive
way, that was
the thing that capped it for me
that I had
to do something separately to
protect the
credibility of the
investigation, which meant
both the FBI and the Justice
Department.
SEN.
RICHARD BURR: Were there other
things that
contributed to that, that you
can describe
in open session?
JAMES COMEY: There were other
things that
contributed to that.
One significant item I can't,
but I know the
committee's been briefed on --
there's been
some public accounts of it,
which are nonsense
-- but I understand the
committee has been
briefed on the classified facts.
Probably, the only other
consideration that
I guess I can talk about in open
setting is
that at one point the attorney
general had
directed me not to call it an
investigation,
but instead to call it a matter,
which confused
me and concerned me, but that
was one of the
bricks in the load that led me
to conclude
I have to step away from the
department if
we're to close this case
credibly.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Carrie
Cordero, this is
the one part of today's hearing
that looked
back at the Clinton e-mail
story, which, of
course, went on for months and
months.
How do we read what Director
Comey is saying
here about the former attorney
general, Loretta
Lynch?
CARRIE CORDERO: So, I think the
former director
has take a really bad rap on
this July decision
to go public with his finding.
In my view, the attorney general
at the time,
Loretta Lynch, put him in an
extraordinarily
difficult position.
She didn't officially recuse
from the decision,
which she could have done after
the tarmac
meeting, nor did she say, I'm
going to make
the decision and I own it.
And because she did neither of
those things,
either said she was going to
make the prosecutorial
decision and own that decision,
or officially
recuse and say, Sally Yates is
in charge,
she left this sort of middle
ground where
she just said, well, I'm going
to accept the
decision of the prosecutors.
And, therefore, I think that
what the former
director was saying is, he felt
then that
that would have tainted any
future decision.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I think some
people -- George
Terwilliger, some people who are
close to
the former attorney general are
saying that
this came up more innocuously,
that it wasn't
an order, stop using the term
investigation,
call it a matter.
Be that as it may, Comey has
left out there
being very critical of the
former attorney
general.
GEORGE TERWILLIGER: Yes, I'm
sort of troubled
by this aspect of that exchange
and what we
heard today.
I can understand the point that
Carrie makes
that Comey felt like the
decision-making process
at the Justice Department
appeared corrupted
because of the tarmac visit and
so forth.
But there's other remedies to
that.
And to point to a discussion
with the attorney
general, I mean, I sat in the
attorney general's
office.
I was the acting attorney
general.
I'm sure I had discussions with
subordinate
officials about whether to call
something
a matter or an investigation.
And I'm not saying this wasn't
significant.
But it seems to me it kind of
got blown out
of proportion, if that's the
justification
for the July proceeding.
JUDY WOODRUFF: John Carlin, how
do you see
this?
JOHN CARLIN: I'm going to move
to where Carrie
started, which is, we know the
Russians are
going to attack us again.
They tried to undermine
confidence in the
integrity of our election.
It was reaffirmed today.
It's been reaffirmed by every
national security
official.
And they're going to do it as
early as 2018.
Right now, when you think about
the decisions
last summer about the Clinton
investigation,
about the Russian investigation,
it is extraordinarily
difficult for the political
appointees to
make a decision calling out
investigations,
particularly when they have to
do with the
interference in an election.
What I worry about going into
2018 is, we're
in far worse shape right now in
having a credible
official who can call out
Russian meddling
in our elections.
And so I think we should think
seriously about
which career -- nonpartisan
career officials
do we give the task of calling
out if the
Russians attack our electoral
system again
in 2018?
JUDY WOODRUFF: In about 20
seconds, Greg Craig,
you get to weigh in here, final
word.
GREGORY CRAIG: Well, on the
Comey press conference
in July, I do have views on
that.
I think he violated guidelines
and practices
in the Justice Department.
And he went beyond that and
commented on her
conduct.
And it was unacceptable.
And it was a mistake, a terrible
mistake.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, that one, I
don't think
we're going to resolve as we sit
here this
evening.
But thank you all for being
here.
Greg Craig, Carrie Cordero, John
Carlin, George
Terwilliger, thank you all very
much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And now to the
rest of this
day's news.
The polls have closed in
Britain, and voters
appear to have delivered a blow
to the ruling
Conservatives.
Exit surveys indicate they are
likely to come
in first, but lose their
majority in Parliament.
Special correspondent Malcolm
Brabant reports
from London.
MALCOLM BRABANT: After an
election campaign
punctuated by terrorism, voters
went to the
polls amid tight security.
Conservative Prime Minister
Theresa May, who
repeatedly promised strong and
stable leadership,
cast her ballot in a village
west of London.
Labor Party leader Jeremy Corbyn
campaigned
on reversing public service cuts
and increasing
spending on health, schools and
police.
JEREMY CORBYN, Leader, Labor
Party: It's a
day of our democracy.
I have just voted.
And I am very proud of our
campaign.
Thank you very much.
MALCOLM BRABANT: May announced
the snap election
seven weeks ago.
THERESA MAY, British Prime
Minister: The government
should call a general election
to be held
on the 8th of June.
MALCOLM BRABANT: The Tory leader
sought a
popular mandate to boost her
majority in Parliament
and negotiating hand in Brexit
talks about
leaving the European Union.
She began with an overwhelming
lead, but then
came a series of campaign
missteps, and a
pair of deadly terror attacks,
on a concert
in Manchester last month and
around London
Bridge last weekend.
Some Conservative supporters in
May's constituency
west of London were anxious.
WOMAN: Previously to last
weekend, I thought
that she'd be doing quite well,
but I'm not
so sure that she shot herself in
the foot
now.
I'm hoping not, but who knows
which way the
cookie crumbles.
MALCOLM BRABANT: Meanwhile,
Borough Market,
where terrorists fatally stabbed
people on
Saturday, remained closed as
voters went to
the local polling station.
Conservatives were not expected
to do well
here.
Labor supporters clung to the
hope that young
voters, energized by Corbyn,
might propel
him to an unexpected victory
nationwide.
WOMAN: If you look at him in
comparison with
Theresa May, he's such a
principled person.
He does what he believes.
He follows the politics of
unification, not
division, and I just prefer so
much that outlook.
MALCOLM BRABANT: According to
the joint British
television exit polls, it looks
as though
the Conservatives have lost
their overall
majority, down from 330 seats to
314.
Labor is projected to have
gained 37 seats,
up to 266 in total.
Now these numbers could change
as the official
results come in.
But as it stands right now,
Theresa May's
gamble in calling the election
seems to have
failed.
And political experts believe
that she may
be much diminished by the end of
the night.
It's going to be a long and
fascinating night
-- Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Malcolm Brabant
in London.
And we are certainly going to
continue to
follow it.
In Iran, authorities says five
of the men
who carried out attacks in
Tehran were Islamic
State members who'd fought in
Syria and Iraq.
ISIS claimed responsibility
yesterday after
gunmen and suicide bombers
struck Parliament
and the tomb of Ayatollah
Khomeini.
They killed 17 people and
wounded 40.
Six suspects are in custody, and
Iran's semi-official
news agency reports that
investigators are
examining whether Saudi Arabia
was involved.
There's word of a new atrocity
by Islamic
State fighters holding out in
the Iraqi city
of Mosul.
The U.N. Human Rights Office
reports that
ISIS killed more than 200
civilians trying
to flee last week, including
children running
for safety.
It also says at least 50 people
died in an
airstrike in Mosul in late May.
It's unclear who launched the
airstrike.
North Korea has fired off
another round of
missiles, this time short-range
anti-ship
weapons.
The South Korean military says
that they flew
some 125 miles today before
landing in the
waters between the Korean
Peninsula and Japan.
South Korea's new president,
Moon Jae-in,
had called for reaching out to
the North,
but, today, he demanded an end
to the provocations.
MOON JAE-IN, South Korean
President (through
translator): Our government, as
I have already
clarified multiple times, will
not back off
at all or compromise regarding
national security
and people's safety.
Also, the government will
unwaveringly make
efforts for complete
denuclearization of North
Korea's nuclear weapons through
both sanctions
and dialogue.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Just yesterday,
Moon postponed
the full deployment of a U.S.
anti-missile
system.
It's meant to be a deterrent to
North Korea.
The U.S. House of
Representatives voted today
to dismantle much of the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street
reform act.
The bill would weaken the
Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau and undo many
regulations
imposed after the 2008 financial
collapse.
Republicans say it's been a
burden on small
banks and has harmed economic
growth.
Democrats said it's discouraged
risky lending
practices.
The measure faces an uncertain
future in the
Senate.
And on Wall Street, the Dow
Jones industrial
average gained about nine points
to close
at 21182.
The Nasdaq rose 24, and the S&P
500 added
a fraction.
And we will be back shortly with
a report
from our student reporting team.
It's part of our series
Limitless about people
living with disabilities.
But, first, take a moment to
hear from your
local PBS station.
It's a chance to offer your
support, which
helps programs like ours stay on
the air.
It's a chance to offer your
support, which
helps programs like ours stay on
the air.
FOR THOSE STATIONS STILL WITH
US, THE CONTINENT
OF AFRICA DOES NOT NOW HOLD MANY
INTERNATIONALLY
WELL-KNOWN UNIVERSITIES.
BUT ONE MAN IS TRYING TO CHANGE
THAT, A ONE-TIME
MICROSOFT EXECUTIVE WHO WAS
EDUCATED IN THE
UNITED STATES, PATRICK AWUAH.
AS SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT FRED DE
SAM LAZARO
REPORTS, ONE SPECIAL FOCUS OF
CLASSES IS TO
TEACH AFRICA'S NEXT GENERATION
OF LEADERS
ABOUT ETHICS.
THIS STORY ORGINALLY AIRED
EARLIER THIS YEAR.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: It looks
like a pretty
typical college campus, with
students working
in computer labs, studying at
the library,
or hanging out with friends.
But Ashesi University, in the
West African
nation of Ghana, has embarked on
an experiment
which its founder hopes will
help start to
fundamentally change the entire
continent.
PATRICK AWUAH, President, Ashesi
University:
In the next three decades or so,
the population
of Africa is going to double,
and something
like 40 percent of working-age
people are
going to be Africans in the
world.
A lot of jobs need to be
created.
And so we need to be educating
the next bench
in a way that they'’re going to
go create
those jobs and create those
opportunities
for people.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Patrick
Awuah was born
and raised in Ghana, but came to
the United
States on scholarship to get an
undergraduate
degree in engineering from
Swarthmore and
an MBA from the University of
California,
Berkeley.
He went on to become a program
manager at
Microsoft.
When he decided to return to his
homeland,
he assumed he would start a
software company,
but quickly realized the system
of higher
education was so poor, there
wasn'’t a competent
work force to hire.
Experts say the problem with
education in
Africa is not so much that there
aren'’t
enough institutions, but,
rather, it'’s in
what students are taught and how
they'’re
taught it, with an emphasis much
more on rote
learning and memorization, much
less on critical
thinking, on thinking for
oneself.
PATRICK AWUAH: Under colonial
rule, the educational
system was really designed for
that, to educate
people to follow instructions
and to do things
in a very consistent way.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: So, Awuah
decided he had
to start his own university.
With money from American
friends, colleagues
and foundations, he raised $2.5
million to
open a school with an initial
class of 30
freshman in 2002.
Ashesi has now grown to a campus
of nearly
800 students.
The guiding principle throughout
has been
a laser-like focus on three
principles: ethical
leadership, innovation and
entrepreneurship.
PATRICK AWUAH: We need a lot of
innovation.
We need people who are trained
to drive that.
And we need people who are going
to be working
on the government side, who are
going to create
an enabling environment for
that.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Ghana, like
most countries
in Africa, has been plagued by
government-related
corruption, which has hampered
job growth.
ROSE DODD, Professor, Ashesi
University: For
the next three to four minutes,
come up with
a list of things that a brick
can be used
for.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Ashesi'’s
goal is to
teach students to fight against
the temptations
of corruption and think outside
the box.
It begins almost from the moment
a freshman
arrives on campus and takes a
mandatory course
called Foundations of Design and
Entrepreneurship.
ROSE DODD: How many do you have?
STUDENT: Twenty-nine.
ROSE DODD: Twenty-nine.
(LAUGHTER)
PATRICK AWUAH: The instructor
says, you go
find a problem that you think is
worth solving,
and then come up with an answer
to problem.
It'’s very open-ended and then &
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: And scary in
part, I imagine.
PATRICK AWUAH: Scary.
It feels like you have been
thrown into this
kind of weird world, where you
can'’t plant
your feet on the ground.
Right?
It'’s very different way of
approaching education.
ROSE DODD: When you see a
problem, your first
human instinct is to think of
the first, easiest
solution that comes to mind.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Professor
Rose Dodd, an
Ashesi alumna herself, says she
hopes the
class will encourage her
students to take
on the entrenched establishments
in Ghana.
ROSE DODD: Don'’t be limited.
Don'’t feel that whatever the
system is limits
you.
Think about whatever else could
be and then
try it out.
And I think the goal, the end
goal should
be to make life better for
everybody around
you.
MAN: Look at the question on the
board.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Indeed, many
Ashesi graduates
have gone on to do some form of
public service,
whether it'’s teaching in rural
elementary
or secondary schools, or
mentoring the next
generation of young women.
Yawa Hansen-Quao became the
first female student
council president at Ashesi in
2006.
While in college, she began
thinking about
a way to help women grow into
leadership positions,
a goal that she made a reality
with the founding
of Leading Ladies'’ Network.
YAWA HANSEN-QUAO, Leading Ladies
Network:
Our goal as an organization is
to help women
get out of themselves and their
problems and
to start thinking of what kind
of change they
can bring to the community
around them.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: One young
woman that Quao
has mentored is Narkie Agbettor,
another Ashesi
grad.
She has just started her own
small business,
selling virgin coconut oil
products.
And while she'’s enthusiastic
about her company,
she admits it'’s not always easy
dealing
with government bureaucracy and
seeing competitors
resort to bribery.
NARKIE AGBETTOR, Entrepreneur:
There are solutions
to every problem out there.
It requires thinking.
So, you want to be successful
and you want
to be ethical as well.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Patrick
Awuah knows that
his young, idealistic graduates,
many who
come from families of modest
means, will be
severely tested out in the real
world.
But he hopes the lessons they
have learned
at Ashesi will help guide them.
PATRICK AWUAH: Are some alumni
probably not
holding the line?
Probably.
But I would hope that even those
who are not
holding the line are thinking
twice about
doing it.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: The other
cultural problem
that Awuah hopes to change is
stopping the
so-called brain drain, where,
after college,
people leave the continent to
seek careers
in developed countries.
So far, 90 percent of Ashesi
grads have stayed
and work in Africa.
For the PBS NewsHour, I'’m Fred
de Sam Lazaro
in Accra, Ghana.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And now another
in our series
Limitless, stories about living
with disabilities
from youth reporters in the
"NewsHour"'s Student
Reporting Labs network.
Tonight, we travel to Norfolk,
Virginia, to
meet Jonathan Atkins, a
19-year-old bodybuilder
with down syndrome who competed
in the 2017
Body Sculpting Open.
The story was produced by
students at Granby
High School.
The student correspondent is
Jamil Aforo (ph).
JAMIL AFORO: Professional
bodybuilders are
praised for their ability to
enhance their
external appearance, pushing the
limits of
the human body.
But for Jonathan Atkins, the
hobby has transformed
not only his body, but his life.
The 19-year-old athlete comes to
this Virginia
Beach gym, called the Houze of
Champions,
to work out with his trainer,
Joe Hartfelder,
every week.
Jonathan was born with Down
syndrome, a genetic
disorder that stems from an
additional chromosome.
JOE HARTFELDER, Trainer: My name
is Joe Hartfelder.
I'm a WNBF natural pro
bodybuilder.
I met Jon over a year ago, and
through his
mother, who I have known since I
was around
6, 7 years old.
He always showed an interest in
lifting weights
at the house and kind of doing
his own thing.
I don't impose bodybuilding on
anyone, because
it's -- a lot of people don't
get it, and
everyone does it for a different
reason.
And there is a lot of ego in the
industry.
And I just don't like that.
JAMIL AFORO: After working
together for about
a year, Joe encouraged Jon to
enter a local
bodybuilding competition.
JOE HARTFELDER: I really love
people and helping
people.
So, with Jon, he was already
flexing, and
he was kind of already doing
that anyway,
and I guess looking on Facebook
and looking
on different things on social
media.
So I was just like, hey, he
could do this.
LISA DUDLEY, Mother of Jonathan
Atkins: Down
syndrome has low muscle tone, so
for him to
have the muscles he does is
pretty impressive,
because he didn't walk until he
was almost
6.
JAMIL AFORO: Lisa Dudley,
Jonathan's mother,
has seen how bodybuilding has
improved her
son's self-esteem.
LISA DUDLEY: Because, a lot of
times, he knows
that he is different and that
he's -- there
are certain things that he
cannot do, but
this is one thing that he knows
that he can
do, that, for self-confidence, I
think it's
been awesome to him.
JAMIL AFORO: With encouragement
from his trainer,
Jon traveled to Phoebus,
Virginia, in February
2017 to compete in the Body
Sculpting Open.
He had never been on a stage
before, or been
in front of so many strangers.
He was one of two participants
to compete
in a challenged division section
of the competition.
LISA DUDLEY: When I saw him on
stage, I felt
very nervous, but I was proud.
I was proud that he actually
went out in front
of all these strangers and
hundreds of people.
And it was like he had done this
a hundred
times before.
And he didn't look the first bit
nervous.
And he looked good.
He looked really good up there.
When he did his one-minute
routine, this is
what he -- this is the pose he
did, right
at the end, before he walked
off.
JOE HARTFELDER: Oh, it was
great.
It was great.
He loved getting the trophy.
Every part of it, he was just a
champ the
whole way through.
The beauty in it is, you can
always get better.
In lifting, whether it's
bodybuilding, in
life, in anything, you are just
always pursuing
to do better.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Jonathan Atkins,
you are a
star.
And you can see more of these
stories from
young journalists across the
country.
That's at
studentreportinglabs.org.
Before we go, just a quick note.
We needed to devote most of
tonight's program
to the Senate hearing with James
Comey, but
next week, we expect to return
to our regular
Thursday night series, Making
Sense, that
it will return.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening with Mark Shields and
David Brooks
analyzing an extraordinary week
in politics.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and we will see you soon.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and we will see you soon.